gh-141004: Document descriptor and dict proxy type objects (#141803)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/dict.rst

   prevent modification of the dictionary for non-dynamic class types.

.. c:var:: PyTypeObject PyDictProxy_Type

   The type object for mapping proxy objects created by
   :c:func:`PyDictProxy_New` and for the read-only ``__dict__`` attribute
   of many built-in types. A :c:type:`PyDictProxy_Type` instance provides a
   dynamic, read-only view of an underlying dictionary: changes to the
   underlying dictionary are reflected in the proxy, but the proxy itself

>    does not support mutation operations.

Reviewer: Could you point to `types.MappingProxyType` somewhere?

   prevent modification of the dictionary for non-dynamic class types.

.. c:var:: PyTypeObject PyDictProxy_Type

   The type object for mapping proxy objects created by
   :c:func:`PyDictProxy_New` and for the read-only ``__dict__`` attribute
   of many built-in types. A :c:type:`PyDictProxy_Type` instance provides a
   dynamic, read-only view of an underlying dictionary: changes to the
   underlying dictionary are reflected in the proxy, but the proxy itself

>    does not support mutation operations.These objects correspond to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   does not support mutation operations. This corresponds to
```
